INTRODUCTION. iii

body. rhe Appellee comes and denies
the same, word lor word. Pledges are
given for the appearance of the Appellee.
With him, the Appellant includes others in

the accusation: and judgment is given

that the duel shall take place between the

parties. .
William de Burgeslond prefers his appeal

for the same robbery against Richard de
Dunhamt alleging in like manner the in·
fraction of the Dalse’s peace ; and in this
case also, the duel is awarded.

Furthermore, Philip the son of Roger
Dirill‚ appeals the said Richard de Dun-

, ham, lor that, being in the Dake’s peace,

he robbed his wife os a gold ring of the
value of one mark: and of other chattels to
the velue of five marks. And this he offers
to prove by his body, as that which was
“seen arrd heard‚'’ or witnessed by his wife,
when he was in pilgrimage at Compostella:
that is to say, the appeal was supported by
the testimony of a party, who was an eye
and ear witness ol the fact or deed.

In a plea between Walter Fitz Ralph‚
demandant, and Ralph Fitz Ralph, tenant,
the parties come to a final agreement re-
specting four acres of land in “ Dercet,’'
concerning which the pleawas mered, upon

the following terma-The demandant con·
sents that the land shall be held by the

ab)

 

