ii INTRODUCTION.

Peter, to keep the King‘s peace at Dun-
ster. It is obvious that the peace is here
called the King’s peace by retrospect, hot
that it was considered when proclaimed as
the peace of John Dulce of Normandy.
Whilst Roger de Remis was thus occupied,
William Melet, whom he appeals, levelled
his hedges at Ludesland and made piles
thereos, and seloniously burnt his corn3
and this he offers to prove by one of his
men.

The Appellee denies the burning and the
felony, and proffers three marks to the
King, to have an inquest, whether the
burning took place in the lands of the
Appellant or his own 3 for he achnowledges
that he took the corn, and carried away
the sameas being his property. It was
a forcible entry, but in assertion os a legal
right. Upon this plea, a day is given to
the parties to hear judgment.

In another case Ralph de Lancelies ap-
peals Hugh de Stotdon, sor that czj‘ter
the peace had been grven and proclaimed,
and when he, the complanant, was in the
peace of the Dulce of Normandy and Lord
os England the Appellee robbed his Lord,
Richard de Lancelles, and forcibly carried
off his chattels‚ to the value of twenty
shillings 1n apparel, and one horse, and
this he offers to prove against hirn by his

 

